Hi, my name is Sheridan, I'm 27, and I have kind of a weird backstory: I majored in Japanese in college and worked in Japan for three years.
After I graduated, I moved to Japan and started working for a local government office. It was a "jack-of-all-trades" sort of job. I did a lot of translating, some interpreting, a little bit of teaching, and a lot of promoting the city and the prefecture I lived in to the rest of the world. I came home a little over two years ago, and I've been working at a Japanese nonprofit dedicated to bilaterial trade promotion.

But I actually got into web development before I got into Japan. This is one of my first websites. I wish I could tell you what I used all 1.44 megabytes of space for, but I can't because I don't own a computer with a floppy drive anymore. So that was my hobby growing up, I took some classes on computer science in college, but I didn't start thinking about software engineering as an actual career path until last year. Coding is really challenging for me, but that's why I keep coming back to it. There's always something new to learn, and there's always something broken or about to break that needs to get fixed.

I used the FreeCodeCamp curriculum for a while before I started making my own projects. At that point, I realized that I wanted to do an apprenticeship and learn more about developing, testing, and maintaining applications in a team. Once I started searching, I came across the apprenticeship program at Sparkbox.

So I just got into server side technology about a month ago, and I started learning Node.js, Express, and Mongodb and building a fullstack application. And this part takes some explaining, and it's also kind of embarrasing, but if your pandemic started the way that mine did, then you might have downloaded TikTok just to see what all the fuss is about. But then you also might've gotten addicted to TikTok. And then you started saving a ton of TikTok videos to your favorites. And then you wanted to go back and find a specific video in your favorites, but you couldn't find it, because you had so many videos favorited that everything was getting buried. And then you realized that the app did not have a way to put your favorites into folders or sort through them. So then you decided to build a fullstack application to import your favorite TikTok videos and create folders to sort them into. Because that was the only way you could ever truly know peace again. And you had to work really fast because you weren't sure if or when TikTok was going to get banned.
So that's what I just finished.

And I'm using the word "finished" really generously because there is a ton of work to be done still. I want to add user authentication; I want to make a more mobile-friendly design because right now, the app works best on desktop, but TikTok is something people typically use on their phones. So I'm working on that, and I'm also starting to learn React.

There's still so much left to learn, and I'm really excited about it.

I am a big fan of learning by doing, and I am an even bigger fan of having real world applications for my projects. Because if I or someone else actually uses a project regularly, then I don't just want it to be OK and functional, I want it to be attractive and efficient, so that's a really strong form of motivation for me. I like using a multiprong attack when I'm learning, so I'll reference the official documentation, maybe watch some videos on Lynda or YouTube, and definitely use Stack Overflow whenever I get stuck.

Thank you for considering my application, and I hope I get the chance to work with you.